---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_ns Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DNS NS Records.
---

# nios_dns_record_ns (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DNS NS Records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific NS record by filters
data "nios_dns_record_ns" "get_record_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name       = "example.com"
    nameserver = "nsrec1.example.com"
  }
}

// Retrieve all NS records for a specific zone
data "nios_dns_record_ns" "get_all_records_in_default_view" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `addresses` (Attributes List) The list of zone name servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--addresses))
- `name` (String) The name of the NS record in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `nameserver` (String) The domain name of an authoritative server for the redirected zone.

Optional:

- `ms_delegation_name` (String) The MS delegation point name.
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

Read-Only:

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info))
- `creator` (String) The record creator.
- `dns_name` (String) The name of the NS record in punycode format.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `policy` (String) The host name policy for the record.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--result--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.addresses`

Required:

- `address` (String) The address of the Zone Name Server.

Optional:

- `auto_create_ptr` (Boolean) Flag to indicate if ptr records need to be auto created.


<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
