---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_txt Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DNS TXT Records.
---

# nios_dns_record_txt (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DNS TXT Records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific TXT record by filters
data "nios_dns_record_txt" "get_record_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example-txt-record.example.com"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific TXT records using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_record_txt" "get_record_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all A records
data "nios_dns_record_txt" "get_all_records" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name for the TXT record in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `text` (String) Text associated with the record. It can contain up to 255 bytes per substring, up to a total of 512 bytes. To enter leading, trailing, or embedded spaces in the text, add double quotes (&#92;" &#92;") around the text to preserve the spaces.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `creator` (String) The record creator. Note that changing creator from or to 'SYSTEM' value is not allowed.
- `ddns_principal` (String) The GSS-TSIG principal that owns this record.
- `ddns_protected` (Boolean) Determines if the DDNS updates for this record are allowed or not.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `forbid_reclamation` (Boolean) Determines if the reclamation is allowed for the record or not.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value for the record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Use flag for: ttl
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

Read-Only:

- `aws_rte53_record_info` (Attributes) The AWS Route53 record information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--aws_rte53_record_info))
- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info))
- `creation_time` (Number) The time of the record creation in Epoch seconds format.
- `dns_name` (String) The name for a TXT record in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `reclaimable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is reclaimable or not.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `shared_record_group` (String) The name of the shared record group in which the record resides. This field exists only on db_objects if this record is a shared record.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--result--aws_rte53_record_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.aws_rte53_record_info`

Read-Only:

- `alias_target_dns_name` (String) DNS name of the alias target.
- `alias_target_evaluate_target_health` (Boolean) Indicates if Amazon Route 53 evaluates the health of the alias target.
- `alias_target_hosted_zone_id` (String) Hosted zone ID of the alias target.
- `failover` (String) Indicates whether this is the primary or secondary resource record for Amazon Route 53 failover routing.
- `geolocation_continent_code` (String) Continent code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `geolocation_country_code` (String) Country code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `geolocation_subdivision_code` (String) Subdivision code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `health_check_id` (String) ID of the health check that Amazon Route 53 performs for this resource record.
- `region` (String) Amazon EC2 region where this resource record resides for latency routing.
- `set_identifier` (String) An identifier that differentiates records with the same DNS name and type for weighted, latency, geolocation, and failover routing.
- `type` (String) Type of Amazon Route 53 resource record.
- `weight` (Number) Value that determines the portion of traffic for this record in weighted routing. The range is from 0 to 255.


<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
