---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_aaaa Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DNS AAAA Records.
---

# nios_dns_record_aaaa (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DNS AAAA Records.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific AAAA record by filters
data "nios_dns_record_aaaa" "get_record_with_filter" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_record.example.com"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific AAAA records using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dns_record_aaaa" "get_record_with_extattr_filter" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all AAAA records
data "nios_dns_record_aaaa" "get_all_records_in_default_view" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name for the AAAA record in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.

Optional:

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `creator` (String) The record creator. Note that changing creator from or to 'SYSTEM' value is not allowed.
- `ddns_principal` (String) The GSS-TSIG principal that owns this record.
- `ddns_protected` (Boolean) Determines if the DDNS updates for this record are allowed or not.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `forbid_reclamation` (Boolean) Determines if the reclamation is allowed for the record or not.
- `func_call` (Attributes) Function call to be executed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--func_call))
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the record.
- `remove_associated_ptr` (Boolean) Delete option that indicates whether the associated PTR records should be removed while deleting the specified A record.
- `ttl` (Number) The Time To Live (TTL) value for the record. A 32-bit unsigned integer that represents the duration, in seconds, for which the record is valid (cached). Zero indicates that the record should not be cached.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether the TTL value should be used for the AAAA record.
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

Read-Only:

- `aws_rte53_record_info` (Attributes) The AWS Route53 record information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--aws_rte53_record_info))
- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info))
- `creation_time` (Number) The time of the record creation in Epoch seconds format.
- `discovered_data` (Attributes) The discovered data for the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--discovered_data))
- `dns_name` (String) The name for an AAAA record in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object, including default attributes.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `ms_ad_user_data` (Attributes) The Microsoft Active Directory user related information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--ms_ad_user_data))
- `reclaimable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is reclaimable or not.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `shared_record_group` (String) The name of the shared record group in which the record resides. This field exists only on db_objects if this record is a shared record.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--result--func_call"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.func_call`

Required:

- `attribute_name` (String) The attribute to be called.

Optional:

- `object` (String) The object to be called.
- `object_function` (String) The function to be called.
- `object_parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the object.
- `parameters` (Map of String) The parameters for the function.
- `result_field` (String) The result field of the function.


<a id="nestedatt--result--aws_rte53_record_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.aws_rte53_record_info`

Read-Only:

- `alias_target_dns_name` (String) DNS name of the alias target.
- `alias_target_evaluate_target_health` (Boolean) Indicates if Amazon Route 53 evaluates the health of the alias target.
- `alias_target_hosted_zone_id` (String) Hosted zone ID of the alias target.
- `failover` (String) Indicates whether this is the primary or secondary resource record for Amazon Route 53 failover routing.
- `geolocation_continent_code` (String) Continent code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `geolocation_country_code` (String) Country code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `geolocation_subdivision_code` (String) Subdivision code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `health_check_id` (String) ID of the health check that Amazon Route 53 performs for this resource record.
- `region` (String) Amazon EC2 region where this resource record resides for latency routing.
- `set_identifier` (String) An identifier that differentiates records with the same DNS name and type for weighted, latency, geolocation, and failover routing.
- `type` (String) Type of Amazon Route 53 resource record.
- `weight` (Number) Value that determines the portion of traffic for this record in weighted routing. The range is from 0 to 255.


<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info`

Optional:

- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member))

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.cloud_info.delegated_member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name



<a id="nestedatt--result--discovered_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.discovered_data`

Read-Only:

- `ap_ip_address` (String) Discovered IP address of Wireless Access Point.
- `ap_name` (String) Discovered name of Wireless Access Point.
- `ap_ssid` (String) Service set identifier (SSID) associated with Wireless Access Point.
- `bgp_as` (Number) The BGP autonomous system number.
- `bridge_domain` (String) Discovered bridge domain.
- `cisco_ise_endpoint_profile` (String) The Endpoint Profile created in Cisco ISE.
- `cisco_ise_security_group` (String) The Cisco ISE security group name.
- `cisco_ise_session_state` (String) The Cisco ISE connection session state.
- `cisco_ise_ssid` (String) The Cisco ISE SSID.
- `cmp_type` (String) If the IP is coming from a Cloud environment, the Cloud Management Platform type.
- `device_contact` (String) Contact information from device on which the IP address was discovered.
- `device_location` (String) Location of device on which the IP address was discovered.
- `device_model` (String) The model name of the end device in the vendor terminology.
- `device_port_name` (String) The system name of the interface associated with the discovered IP address.
- `device_port_type` (String) The hardware type of the interface associated with the discovered IP address.
- `device_type` (String) The type of end host in vendor terminology.
- `device_vendor` (String) The vendor name of the end host.
- `discovered_name` (String) The name of the network device associated with the discovered IP address.
- `discoverer` (String) Specifies whether the IP address was discovered by a NetMRI or NIOS discovery process.
- `duid` (String) For IPv6 address only. The DHCP unique identifier of the discovered host. This is an optional field, and data might not be included.
- `endpoint_groups` (String) A comma-separated list of the discovered endpoint groups.
- `first_discovered` (Number) The date and time the IP address was first discovered in Epoch seconds format.
- `iprg_no` (Number) The port redundant group number.
- `iprg_state` (String) The status for the IP address within port redundant group.
- `iprg_type` (String) The port redundant group type.
- `last_discovered` (Number) The date and time the IP address was last discovered in Epoch seconds format.
- `mac_address` (String) The discovered MAC address for the host. This is the unique identifier of a network device. The discovery acquires the MAC address for hosts that are located on the same network as the Grid member that is running the discovery. This can also be the MAC address of a virtual entity on a specified vSphere server.
- `mgmt_ip_address` (String) The management IP address of the end host that has more than one IP.
- `netbios_name` (String) The name returned in the NetBIOS reply or the name you manually register for the discovered host.
- `network_component_contact` (String) Contact information from the network component on which the IP address was discovered.
- `network_component_description` (String) A textual description of the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_ip` (String) The IPv4 Address or IPv6 Address of the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_location` (String) Location of the network component on which the IP address was discovered.
- `network_component_model` (String) Model name of the switch port connected to the end host in vendor terminology.
- `network_component_name` (String) If a reverse lookup was successful for the IP address associated with this switch, the host name is displayed in this field.
- `network_component_port_description` (String) A textual description of the switch port that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_port_name` (String) The name of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `network_component_port_number` (String) The number of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `network_component_type` (String) Identifies the switch that is connected to the end device.
- `network_component_vendor` (String) The vendor name of the switch port connected to the end host.
- `open_ports` (String) The list of opened ports on the IP address, represented as: "TCP: 21,22,23 UDP: 137,139". Limited to max total 1000 ports.
- `os` (String) The operating system of the detected host or virtual entity. The OS can be one of the following: * Microsoft for all discovered hosts that have a non-null value in the MAC addresses using the NetBIOS discovery method. * A value that a TCP discovery returns. * The OS of a virtual entity on a vSphere server.
- `port_duplex` (String) The negotiated or operational duplex setting of the switch port connected to the end device.
- `port_link_status` (String) The link status of the switch port connected to the end device. Indicates whether it is connected.
- `port_speed` (String) The interface speed, in Mbps, of the switch port.
- `port_status` (String) The operational status of the switch port. Indicates whether the port is up or down.
- `port_type` (String) The type of switch port.
- `port_vlan_description` (String) The description of the VLAN of the switch port that is connected to the end device.
- `port_vlan_name` (String) The name of the VLAN of the switch port.
- `port_vlan_number` (String) The ID of the VLAN of the switch port.
- `task_name` (String) The name of the discovery task.
- `tenant` (String) Discovered tenant.
- `v_adapter` (String) The name of the physical network adapter through which the virtual entity is connected to the appliance.
- `v_cluster` (String) The name of the VMware cluster to which the virtual entity belongs.
- `v_datacenter` (String) The name of the vSphere datacenter or container to which the virtual entity belongs.
- `v_entity_name` (String) The name of the virtual entity.
- `v_entity_type` (String) The virtual entity type. This can be blank or one of the following: Virtual Machine, Virtual Host, or Virtual Center. Virtual Center represents a VMware vCenter server.
- `v_host` (String) The name of the VMware server on which the virtual entity was discovered.
- `v_switch` (String) The name of the switch to which the virtual entity is connected.
- `vlan_port_group` (String) Port group which the virtual machine belongs to.
- `vmhost_ip_address` (String) IP address of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_mac_address` (String) MAC address of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_name` (String) Name of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmhost_nic_names` (String) List of all physical port names used by the virtual switch on the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted. Represented as: "eth1,eth2,eth3".
- `vmhost_subnet_cidr` (Number) CIDR subnet of the physical node on which the virtual machine is hosted.
- `vmi_id` (String) ID of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_ip_type` (String) Discovered IP address type.
- `vmi_is_public_address` (Boolean) Indicates whether the IP address is a public address.
- `vmi_name` (String) Name of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_private_address` (String) Private IP address of the virtual machine.
- `vmi_tenant_id` (String) ID of the tenant which virtual machine belongs to.
- `vport_conf_mode` (String) Configured mode of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_conf_speed` (String) Configured speed of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to. Unit is kb.
- `vport_link_status` (String) Link status of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_mac_address` (String) MAC address of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_mode` (String) Actual mode of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to.
- `vport_name` (String) Name of the network adapter on the virtual switch connected with the virtual machine.
- `vport_speed` (String) Actual speed of the network adapter on the virtual switch where the virtual machine connected to. Unit is kb.
- `vrf_description` (String) Description of the VRF.
- `vrf_name` (String) The name of the VRF.
- `vrf_rd` (String) Route distinguisher of the VRF.
- `vswitch_available_ports_count` (Number) Numer of available ports reported by the virtual switch on which the virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_id` (String) ID of the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_ipv6_enabled` (Boolean) Indicates the virtual switch has IPV6 enabled.
- `vswitch_name` (String) Name of the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_segment_id` (String) ID of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_name` (String) Name of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_port_group` (String) Port group of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_segment_type` (String) Type of the network segment on which the current virtual machine/vport connected to.
- `vswitch_tep_dhcp_server` (String) DHCP server of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_ip` (String) IP address of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_multicast` (String) Muticast address of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual swtich.
- `vswitch_tep_port_group` (String) Port group of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_type` (String) Type of virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_tep_vlan` (String) VLAN of the virtual tunnel endpoint (VTEP) in the virtual switch.
- `vswitch_type` (String) Type of the virtual switch: standard or distributed.


<a id="nestedatt--result--ms_ad_user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.ms_ad_user_data`

Read-Only:

- `active_users_count` (Number) The number of active users.
