---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_lbdn Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DTC Load Balanced Domain Names(LBDNs).
---

# nios_dtc_lbdn (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DTC Load Balanced Domain Names(LBDNs).

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DTC LBDN record by filters
data "nios_dtc_lbdn" "get_record_with_filter" {
  filters = {
    name = "example_lbdn"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DTC LBDN records using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dtc_lbdn" "get_record_with_extattr_filter" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DTC LBDN records
data "nios_dtc_lbdn" "get_all_records" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `lb_method` (String) The load balancing method. Used to select pool.
- `name` (String) The display name of the DTC LBDN, not DNS related.

Optional:

- `auth_zones` (List of String) List of linked auth zones.
- `auto_consolidated_monitors` (Boolean) Flag for enabling auto managing DTC Consolidated Monitors on related DTC Pools.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the DTC LBDN; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the DTC LBDN is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the fixed address is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `patterns` (List of String) LBDN wildcards for pattern match.
- `persistence` (Number) Maximum time, in seconds, for which client specific LBDN responses will be cached. Zero specifies no caching.
- `pools` (Attributes List) The maximum time, in seconds, for which client specific LBDN responses will be cached. Zero specifies no caching. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--pools))
- `priority` (Number) The LBDN pattern match priority for "overlapping" DTC LBDN objects. LBDNs are "overlapping" if they are simultaneously assigned to a zone and have patterns that can match the same FQDN. The matching LBDN with highest priority (lowest ordinal) will be used.
- `topology` (String) The topology rules for TOPOLOGY method.
- `ttl` (Number) Time-to-live value of the record, in seconds.
- `types` (List of String) The list of resource record types supported by LBDN.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether the TTL value should be used for the LBDN record.

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `health` (Attributes) The LBDN health information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--health))
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--pools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.pools`

Optional:

- `pool` (String) The pool to link with.
- `ratio` (Number) The weight of pool.


<a id="nestedatt--result--health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.health`

Read-Only:

- `availability` (String) The availability color status.
- `description` (String) The textual description of the object's status.
- `enabled_state` (String) The enabled state of the object.
