---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dtc_server Data Source - nios"
subcategory: "DTC"
description: |-
  Retrieves information about existing DTC Servers.
---

# nios_dtc_server (Data Source)

Retrieves information about existing DTC Servers.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Retrieve a specific DTC Server by name
data "nios_dtc_server" "get_server_using_filters" {
  filters = {
    name = "example-server"
  }
}

// Retrieve specific DTC Server using Extensible Attributes
data "nios_dtc_server" "get_servers_using_extensible_attributes" {
  extattrfilters = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
}

// Retrieve all DTC Servers
data "nios_dtc_server" "dtc_server_read_all" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `extattrfilters` (Map of String) External Attribute Filters are used to return a more specific list of results by filtering on external attributes. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `filters` (Map of String) Filter are used to return a more specific list of results. Filters can be used to match resources by specific attributes, e.g. name. If you specify multiple filters, the results returned will have only resources that match all the specified filters.
- `max_results` (Number) Maximum number of objects to be returned. Defaults to 1000.
- `paging` (Number) Enable (1) or disable (0) paging for the data source query. When enabled, the system retrieves results in pages, allowing efficient handling of large result sets. Paging is enabled by default.

### Read-Only

- `result` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result))

<a id="nestedatt--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result`

Required:

- `host` (String) The address or FQDN of the server.
- `name` (String) The DTC Server display name.

Optional:

- `auto_create_host_record` (Boolean) Enabling this option will auto-create a single read-only A/AAAA/CNAME record corresponding to the configured hostname and update it if the hostname changes.
- `comment` (String) Comment for the DTC Server; maximum 256 characters.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines whether the DTC Server is disabled or not. When this is set to False, the fixed address is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `monitors` (Attributes List) List of IP/FQDN and monitor pairs to be used for additional monitoring. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--monitors))
- `sni_hostname` (String) The hostname for Server Name Indication (SNI) in FQDN format.
- `use_sni_hostname` (Boolean) Use flag for: sni_hostname

Read-Only:

- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `health` (Attributes) The health status of DTC Server (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--result--health))
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--result--monitors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.monitors`

Required:

- `host` (String) IP address or FQDN of the server used for monitoring.
- `monitor` (String) The monitor related to server.


<a id="nestedatt--result--health"></a>
### Nested Schema for `result.health`

Read-Only:

- `availability` (String) The availability color status.
- `description` (String) The textual description of the object's status.
- `enabled_state` (String) The enabled state of the object.
