---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_ns Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages a DNS NS record.
---

# nios_dns_record_ns (Resource)

Manages a DNS NS record.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create Record NS with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_ns" "record1" {
  name       = "example.com"
  nameserver = "nsrec1.example.com"
  addresses = [{
    address         = "192.168.1.10"
    auto_create_ptr = false
  }]
  view = "default"
}

// Create Record NS with PTR Record creation enabled
resource "nios_dns_record_ns" "record2" {
  name       = "example.com"
  nameserver = "nsrec2.example.com"
  addresses = [{
    address         = "192.168.1.11"
    auto_create_ptr = true
  }]
  view = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `addresses` (Attributes List) The list of zone name servers. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--addresses))
- `name` (String) The name of the NS record in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `nameserver` (String) The domain name of an authoritative server for the redirected zone.

### Optional

- `ms_delegation_name` (String) The MS delegation point name.
- `view` (String) The name of the DNS view in which the record resides. Example: "external".

### Read-Only

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `creator` (String) The record creator.
- `dns_name` (String) The name of the NS record in punycode format.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `policy` (String) The host name policy for the record.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The name of the zone in which the record resides. Example: "zone.com". If a view is not specified when searching by zone, the default view is used.

<a id="nestedatt--addresses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `addresses`

Required:

- `address` (String) The address of the Zone Name Server.

Optional:

- `auto_create_ptr` (Boolean) Flag to indicate if ptr records need to be auto created.


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
