---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_dns_record_alias Resource - nios"
subcategory: "DNS"
description: |-
  Manages a DNS Alias record.
---

# nios_dns_record_alias (Resource)

Manages a DNS Alias record.

## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create Record Alias with Basic Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_alias" "create_alias_record" {
  name        = "alias-record.example.com"
  target_name = "server.example.com"
  target_type = "A"
  view        = "default"
}

// Create Record Alias with Additional Fields
resource "nios_dns_record_alias" "create_alias_record_with_additional_fields" {
  name        = "alias-record2.example.com"
  target_name = "webserver.example.com"
  target_type = "A"
  view        = "default"

  // Optional fields
  comment = "Alias record with additional parameters"
  disable = false
  extattrs = {
    Site = "location-1"
  }
  ttl     = 20
  use_ttl = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The Name of the Alias record.
- `target_name` (String) Target name in FQDN format. This value can be in unicode format.
- `target_type` (String) Target type.

### Optional

- `comment` (String) Comment for the record; maximum 256 characters.
- `creator` (String) The record creator.
- `disable` (Boolean) Determines if the record is disabled or not. False means that the record is enabled.
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `ttl` (Number) Time-to-live value of the record, in seconds.
- `use_ttl` (Boolean) Flag to indicate whether the TTL value should be used for the A record.
- `view` (String) View that this record is part of.

### Read-Only

- `aws_rte53_record_info` (Attributes) The AWS Route53 record information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--aws_rte53_record_info))
- `cloud_info` (Attributes) The cloud information associated with the record. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `dns_name` (String) The name for an Alias record in punycode format.
- `dns_target_name` (String) Target name in punycode format.
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `last_queried` (Number) The time of the last DNS query in Epoch seconds format.
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.
- `zone` (String) The zone in which the record resides.

<a id="nestedatt--aws_rte53_record_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `aws_rte53_record_info`

Read-Only:

- `alias_target_dns_name` (String) DNS name of the alias target.
- `alias_target_evaluate_target_health` (Boolean) Indicates if Amazon Route 53 evaluates the health of the alias target.
- `alias_target_hosted_zone_id` (String) Hosted zone ID of the alias target.
- `failover` (String) Indicates whether this is the primary or secondary resource record for Amazon Route 53 failover routing.
- `geolocation_continent_code` (String) Continent code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `geolocation_country_code` (String) Country code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `geolocation_subdivision_code` (String) Subdivision code for Amazon Route 53 geolocation routing.
- `health_check_id` (String) ID of the health check that Amazon Route 53 performs for this resource record.
- `region` (String) Amazon EC2 region where this resource record resides for latency routing.
- `set_identifier` (String) An identifier that differentiates records with the same DNS name and type for weighted, latency, geolocation, and failover routing.
- `type` (String) Type of Amazon Route 53 resource record.
- `weight` (Number) Value that determines the portion of traffic for this record in weighted routing. The range is from 0 to 255.


<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_member` (Attributes) The Cloud Platform Appliance to which authority of the object is delegated. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Read-Only:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name
