---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "nios_ipam_networkview Resource - nios"
subcategory: "IPAM"
description: |-
  
---

# nios_ipam_networkview (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
// Create Network View with Basic Fields
resource "nios_ipam_networkview" "create_network_view" {
  name = "my_network_view"
}

// Create Network View with additional fields
resource "nios_ipam_networkview" "create_with_additional_fields" {
  name    = "test-network-view"
  comment = "Created Network View"

  cloud_info = {
    delegated_member = {
      ipv4addr = "172.172.172.172"
      ipv6addr = "2001::123"
      name     = "infoblox.cloudmem"
    }
  }

  ddns_zone_primaries = [
    {
      dns_grid_primary = "infoblox.cloudmem"
      zone_match       = "GRID"
      dns_grid_zone = {
        ref = "zone_auth/ZG5zLnpvbmUkLl9kZWZhdWx0LmNvbS5maXJzdA:first.com/default"
      }
    },
    {
      dns_grid_primary = "infoblox.cloudmem"
      zone_match       = "GRID"
      dns_grid_zone = {
        ref = "zone_auth/ZG5zLnpvbmUkLl9kZWZhdWx0LmNvbS5zZWNvbmQ:second.com/default"
      }
    }
  ]

  remote_reverse_zones = [
    {
      fqdn           = "0.168.192.in-addr.arpa"
      key_type       = "NONE"
      server_address = "192.168.12.12"
    },
    {
      fqdn           = "1.168.192.in-addr.arpa"
      key_type       = "TSIG"
      server_address = "192.168.12.12"
      tsig_key_name  = "aeiou"
      tsig_key_alg   = "HMAC-SHA256"
      tsig_key       = "dGhpc2lzdGVzdHRzaWdrZXk="
    }
  ]

  remote_forward_zones = [
    {
      fqdn           = "fwdzone1.com"
      key_type       = "NONE"
      server_address = "192.168.12.12"
    },
    {
      fqdn           = "fwdzone2.com"
      key_type       = "TSIG"
      server_address = "192.168.12.12"
      tsig_key_name  = "aeiou"
      tsig_key_alg   = "HMAC-SHA256"
      tsig_key       = "dGhpc2lzdGVzdHRzaWdrZXk="
    }
  ]

  federated_realms = [
    {
      id   = "123"
      name = "federated_realm1"
    }
  ]

  extattrs = {
    Site = "Mars"
  }

  mgm_private = false

  # ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  # The following fields are only applicable during update operations
  # ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  /*
  ddns_dns_view = "default.test-network-view"

  internal_forward_zones = [
    "zone_auth/ZG5zLnpvbmUkLl9kZWZhdWx0LmNvbS5maXJzdA:first.com/default.test-network-view",
    "zone_auth/ZG5zLnpvbmUkLl9kZWZhdWx0LmNvbS5zZWNvbmQ:second.com/default.test-network-view"
  ]
  */
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the network view.

### Optional

- `cloud_info` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info))
- `comment` (String) Comment for the network view; maximum 256 characters.
- `ddns_dns_view` (String) DNS views that will receive the updates if you enable the appliance to send updates to Grid members.
- `ddns_zone_primaries` (Attributes List) An array of Ddns Zone Primary dhcpddns structs that lists the information of primary zone to wich DDNS updates should be sent. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ddns_zone_primaries))
- `extattrs` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object.
- `federated_realms` (Attributes List) This field contains the federated realms associated to this network view (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--federated_realms))
- `internal_forward_zones` (List of String) The list of linked authoritative DNS zones.
- `mgm_private` (Boolean) This field controls whether this object is synchronized with the Multi-Grid Master. If this field is set to True, objects are not synchronized.
- `remote_forward_zones` (Attributes List) The list of forward-mapping zones to which the DHCP server sends the updates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_forward_zones))
- `remote_reverse_zones` (Attributes List) The list of reverse-mapping zones to which the DHCP server sends the updates. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_reverse_zones))

### Read-Only

- `associated_dns_views` (List of String) The list of DNS views associated with this network view.
- `associated_members` (Attributes List) The list of members associated with a network view. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--associated_members))
- `extattrs_all` (Map of String) Extensible attributes associated with the object , including default attributes.
- `is_default` (Boolean) The NIOS appliance provides one default network view. You can rename the default view and change its settings, but you cannot delete it. There must always be at least one network view in the appliance.
- `ms_ad_user_data` (Attributes) The Microsoft Active Directory user related information. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ms_ad_user_data))
- `ref` (String) The reference to the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info`

Optional:

- `delegated_member` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member))

Read-Only:

- `authority_type` (String) Type of authority over the object.
- `delegated_root` (String) Indicates the root of the delegation if delegated_scope is SUBTREE or RECLAIMING. This is not set otherwise.
- `delegated_scope` (String) Indicates the scope of delegation for the object. This can be one of the following: NONE (outside any delegation), ROOT (the delegation point), SUBTREE (within the scope of a delegation), RECLAIMING (within the scope of a delegation being reclaimed, either as the delegation point or in the subtree).
- `mgmt_platform` (String) Indicates the specified cloud management platform.
- `owned_by_adaptor` (Boolean) Determines whether the object was created by the cloud adapter or not.
- `tenant` (String) Reference to the tenant object associated with the object, if any.
- `usage` (String) Indicates the cloud origin of the object.

<a id="nestedatt--cloud_info--delegated_member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cloud_info.delegated_member`

Optional:

- `ipv4addr` (String) The IPv4 Address of the Grid Member.
- `ipv6addr` (String) The IPv6 Address of the Grid Member.
- `name` (String) The Grid member name



<a id="nestedatt--ddns_zone_primaries"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ddns_zone_primaries`

Optional:

- `dns_ext_primary` (String) The IP address of the External server. Valid when zone_match is "EXTERNAL" or "ANY_EXTERNAL".
- `dns_ext_zone` (String) The name of external zone in FQDN format.
- `dns_grid_primary` (String) The name of a Grid member.
- `dns_grid_zone` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ddns_zone_primaries--dns_grid_zone))
- `zone_match` (String) Indicate matching type.

<a id="nestedatt--ddns_zone_primaries--dns_grid_zone"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ddns_zone_primaries.dns_grid_zone`

Optional:

- `ref` (String) The reference to the DNS zone object.



<a id="nestedatt--federated_realms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `federated_realms`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The federated realm id
- `name` (String) The federated realm name


<a id="nestedatt--remote_forward_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_forward_zones`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN of the remote server.
- `server_address` (String) The remote server IP address.

Optional:

- `gss_tsig_dns_principal` (String) The principal name in which GSS-TSIG for dynamic updates is enabled.
- `gss_tsig_domain` (String) The domain in which GSS-TSIG for dynamic updates is enabled.
- `key_type` (String) The key type to be used.
- `tsig_key` (String) The TSIG key value.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key alorithm name.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The name of the TSIG key. The key name entered here must match the TSIG key name on the external name server.


<a id="nestedatt--remote_reverse_zones"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_reverse_zones`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN of the remote server.
- `server_address` (String) The remote server IP address.

Optional:

- `gss_tsig_dns_principal` (String) The principal name in which GSS-TSIG for dynamic updates is enabled.
- `gss_tsig_domain` (String) The domain in which GSS-TSIG for dynamic updates is enabled.
- `key_type` (String) The key type to be used.
- `tsig_key` (String) The TSIG key value.
- `tsig_key_alg` (String) The TSIG key alorithm name.
- `tsig_key_name` (String) The name of the TSIG key. The key name entered here must match the TSIG key name on the external name server.


<a id="nestedatt--associated_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `associated_members`

Read-Only:

- `failovers` (List of String) The list of failover objects associated with each member.
- `member` (String) The member object associated with a network view.


<a id="nestedatt--ms_ad_user_data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ms_ad_user_data`

Read-Only:

- `active_users_count` (Number) The number of active users.
